End User License Agreement ("EULA") - March 1, 2012

This End User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between Timesys
Corporation ("Timesys") and You concerning Timesys' TimeStorm, Desktop Factory
and associated Installer Software (excluding Open Programs defined later)
licensed hereunder ("Timesys Software"). Clicking the accept icon or otherwise
using the Timesys Software constitutes Your agreement with and acceptance of
this EULA. If You do not accept this EULA, You will NOT be authorized to use the
Timesys Software and may be entitled to a refund of the fees, if any, You paid
for the Timesys Software.

This EULA does not apply to the Linux kernel nor to any other programs provided
to You under an open source license, even if supplied in the same electronic
file transmission as the Timesys Software. For example, Linux is subject to the
GNU General Public License ("GPL"). Additional programs subject to other open
source licenses, referred to herein as "open programs" may be identified by
reading the "about.htm", "license" or "copyright" files with each program.

The Timesys Software and Open Programs are separate and distinct programs even
if provided within the same electronic file transmission. In addition, other
programs subject to other license agreements may also be included within the
same electronic transmission. Certain portions of the Timesys Software are
subject to the Common Public License ("CPL") and/or other license terms as
described in the "about.htm" and "license" files contained in those programs.

The Timesys Software does not contain, nor is it derived from any programs and
is NOT subject to the GPL or any other open source license.

A. LICENSE GRANT

1.

Development License: Timesys hereby grants You a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable
license to install and use the Timesys Software for which You have paid any
applicable fee(s), solely for Your internal use in the development of embedded
applications ("Your Application") for distribution to Your customers. The
Timesys Software may be used only by the number of users for which You have paid
a Subscription and/or Software Development License Fee, if applicable. A
Subscription or Development License may be transferred from one user to another
only on a permanent (not temporary) basis. Only Your employees and contractors
that agree to the terms of this EULA may access or use the Timesys Software.
Timesys may offer certain Timesys Software on a "Floating License" basis. If You
pay any applicable fee(s) for a Floating License, You shall have the license
right to permit the specified number of concurrent users to access and use the
Timesys Software. In addition, You hereby certify that You: (a) are not a
citizen of, nor located in, any of the countries prohibited from receiving
United States ("US") exports, or prohibited from transacting with US citizens
pursuant to US embargoes or other sanctions; (b) are not prohibited from
receiving US exports by being listed on any export denial list published by the:
US State Department - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, US Treasury
Department - Office of Foreign Assets Control, or US Department of Commerce -
Bureau of Industry and Security; and, (c) will not export or re-export US-origin
products or technology obtained from Timesys in violation of US export
regulations. You acknowledge that Timesys has the right, but not the obligation,
to periodically audit Your use of the Timesys Software to ensure Your compliance
with these Terms and applicable laws. You agree to immediately notify Timesys of
any unauthorized use of the Timesys Software, Your account or any other breach
of security of which You become aware.

2.

Trial Software: If the Timesys Software is used for evaluation purpose only then
the license granted hereunder is a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
revocable license to install and use the Trial Software solely during the
License Period for internal review and testing of the Trial Software. This
license grant shall terminate immediately and without further notice upon
expiration of the License Period, at which time You shall return to Timesys, or
certify as destroyed, all Trial Software and related documentation. "License
Period" means (subject to earlier termination as set forth in Section F below)
the period of time beginning with the date upon which You first install the
Trial Software and ending upon the earliest occurrence of any of the following
events: (i) You purchase a subscription and technical support for Timesys
Software; or (ii) End date of the agreed upon trial period.

3.

Pre-Release Software: If the Timesys Software has not yet been made generally
available for licensing by the public ("Pre-Release Software"), then the license
granted hereunder is a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable
license to install and use the Pre-Release Software solely during the License
Period for internal review and testing of the Pre-Release Software. This license
grant shall terminate immediately and without further notice upon expiration of
the License Period, at which time You shall return to Timesys, or certify as
destroyed, all Pre-Release Software and related documentation. "License Period"
means (subject to earlier termination as set forth in Section F below) the
period of time beginning with the date upon which You first install the Pre-Release
Software and ending upon the earliest occurrence of any of the following events:
(i) the Pre-Release Software is released and made generally available for
licensing by the public; or (ii) Timesys notifies You of its intent to cancel
this EULA as it applies to Pre-Release Software (in which case the License
Period will end thirty (30) days after such notification)

B. RESTRICTIONS

1.

TimeSys Software: Except as expressly set forth above, You may not: (i) use,
copy, disclose, distribute, modify, or create derivative works of the Timesys
Software; (ii) use the Timesys Software for outsourcing, time-sharing, for the
benefit of any third party, or in competition with Timesys; (iii) cause or allow
any portion of the Timesys Software to be subject to any open source license
except to the extent that such portion is provided to You by Timesys under the
terms of such open source license; (iv) decompile, disassemble or reverse
engineer the Timesys Software, or permit any third parties, including end-users
of Your Application, to do so; (v) export or import the Timesys Software or Your
Application in violation of any applicable U.S. laws or regulations, including U.S.
Department of Commerce Export Administration Regulations, or permit any end-user
to do so; or (vi) permit end-users to copy, distribute, transfer, modify or
create derivatives of the Timesys Software, except as part of Your Application
in a manner consistent with Your obligations as set forth in this EULA.

2.

Records/Audit: You shall maintain complete and accurate records of each of Your
employees and contractors that use the Timesys Software for a period of three (3)
years. In the event that one or more of such employees or contractors is no
longer employed by You, You may substitute a replacement, provided that such
records are promptly updated accordingly. Timesys may inspect such records upon
request at any time during the term of this EULA and for three years thereafter.

3.

Interoperability:In the event that You require information to achieve
interoperability of the Timesys Software with another software program or
hardware device, You shall request such information as necessary from Timesys.
Timesys may, in its sole discretion, provide such information, and shall, in any
case, respond to any such request with information concerning its decision.

4.

General: All rights not expressly granted herein are expressly reserved.

C. FEES AND OTHER CONSIDERATION

1.

The license granted to You in this EULA for Timesys Software is contingent upon
Your payment to Timesys of the Subscription or License Fees for the Timesys
Software, if applicable, in accordance with Timesys' pricing policies current as
of the date of Your acquisition of the Timesys Software.

2.

Subscription Fees, License Fees and any applicable Annual Technical Support Fee
for Your first year of Timesys Software use are due and payable in advance of
Your use of the Timesys Software, unless other payment terms are mutually agreed
by both parties in writing.

3.

Timesys reserves the right to charge interest at a rate of 1.5% per month or the
highest rate allowable by law on any undisputed past due balances.

4.

Any applicable License Fees and Technical Support Fees are exclusive of any
applicable taxes. You agree that You shall be responsible for the payment of all
taxes related to the Timesys Software, Your Application, and this EULA, other
than taxes based upon Timesys' income.

5.

Additional Consideration - Publicity: In further consideration of the licenses
granted hereunder, You agree to permit Timesys to use Your name and trademarks
to identify You as a Timesys customer on Timesys' web site(s), in Timesys
marketing materials and in other sales and marketing activities. Timesys agrees
to cooperate with You in reasonable publicity efforts involving the Timesys
Software, such as, for example, media releases and marketing materials in
accordance with Your reasonable request.

D. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

1.

General: Timesys holds and retains all right, title and interest in and to the
Timesys Software, the related source code, any and all modifications to or
derivatives of the Timesys Software, and any and all associated patents,
copyrights, and other intellectual property rights. All Timesys Software is
unpublished and confidential.

2.

Third Party: Certain portions of the Timesys Software may be subject to the
ownership rights of Timesys' licensors and incorporated under license to Timesys.
You will find any relevant information about third party ownership rights in the
relevant notice, license and/or copyright files included with the programs. You
retain all ownership to Your Application.

3.

Government: If you are acquiring the Timesys Software on behalf of the U.S.
Government, the following provisions apply: (i) if the Timesys Software is
supplied to DoD or any related agency or service, the Programs are classified as
"Commercial Computer Software" and the Government is acquiring only rights as
set forth in this EULA; and (ii) if the Timesys Software is supplied to any
other unit or agency of the U.S. Government, the Timesys Software is considered
"restricted computer software" and the Government's rights in the Timesys
Software are set forth in the Federal Acquisition Regulations. The Contractor
for the Programs is Timesys Corporation, 925 Liberty Avenue, Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania 15222.

4.

Open Programs: This EULA does not apply to the Linux kernel or any other
software tools, drivers or other components identified as subject to an open
source license in the relevant notice, license and/or copyright files included
with the programs (collectively the "Open Programs"). Open Programs may be
supplied in the same electronic file transmission as the Timesys Software, but
are separate and distinct programs. The Timesys Software is not subject to the
GPL or any other open source license.

5.

Marks: You and Timesys hereby grants to the other the non-transferable, non-assignable,
revocable right and license to use the other's name and trademarks ("Marks")
solely in fulfillment of obligations and exercise of rights under this EULA.
Each party shall adhere to each other's policies regarding use of the other's
Marks, and shall retain the right to revoke permission to use such Marks.

6.

Injunctive Relief: You hereby acknowledge and agree that the Timesys Software
and related source code are proprietary and confidential to Timesys and that the
Timesys Software and related source code contain valuable Timesys trade secrets,
the disclosure of which would cause Timesys irreparable harm for which monetary
compensation would be inadequate. You therefore further agree that if You breach
Your obligations under this EULA, Timesys shall be entitled to injunctive relief
from a court of competent jurisdiction without the need to post any bond or
demonstrate actual damages.

E. TECHNICAL SUPPORT

1.

TimeSys Technical Support consists of the support described on the TimeSys web
sites, including www.timesys.com and https://linuxlink.timesys.com/support/policy/

2.

Installation of the TimeSys Software may require entry of specific key codes
issued by TimeSys to You. You agree to the use of these key codes in accordance
with this EULA and with the Terms of Service for the TimeSys Service, to hold
these key codes in confidence and to not disclose them to any third parties.

F. TERM AND TERMINATION

1.

This EULA shall become effective on the date of Your first use of the TimeSys
Software and shall remain in full force and effect until terminated under this
Section F.

2.

The rights granted under the License Grant section of this EULA shall
automatically terminate if You breach any of the provisions contained herein,
including any failure to pay license fees, if applicable. You may terminate the
License Grant section of this EULA at any time upon notice to Timesys. Such
termination will not entitle You to any refund of any fees. All other provisions
of this EULA shall survive any such termination.

G. NO WARRANTY

1.

The TimeSys Software is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, express
or implied, including without limitation any implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.

2.

Pre-Release Software may not be fully tested, debugged, or otherwise readied for
production use. Any information provided by TimeSys regarding the development
status of Pre-Release Software is for Informational Purposes Only.

H. INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Timesys harmless from and against any
and all claims, suits, damages, costs and expenses arising from Your use of the
Timesys Software, howsoever arising.

I. INFRINGEMENT

1.

Timesys will defend or settle, at its option and expense, any action brought
against You in the United States, Canada, Japan, or member state of the European
Union which alleges that any standard, generally supported Timesys Software
infringes a patent or copyright or misappropriates a trade secret in such
jurisdiction. Timesys will pay any costs and damages finally awarded against You
that are attributable to the action.You understand and agree that as conditions
to Timesys' obligations under this section must: (a) notify Timesys promptly in
writing of the action; (b) provide Timesys all reasonable information and
assistance to settle or defend the action; and (c) grant Timesys sole authority
and control of the defense or settlement of the action.

2.

If a claim is made under Subsection 1 Timesys may, at its option and expense,
either: (a) replace or modify the Timesys Software so that it becomes non-infringing;
(b) procure for You the right to continue using the Timesys Software; or (c)
require the return of the Timesys Software and refund to You any fees paid, less
a reasonable allowance for use.

3.

Timesys has no liability to You if the claim is based upon: (a) the combination
of the Timesys Software with any product not furnished by Timesys; (b) the
modification of the Timesys Software other than by Timesys or as directed by
Timesys; (c) the continued use of the infringing Timesys Software when Timesys
has provided You with a current unaltered release of a non-infringing Timesys
Software in accordance with Subsection 2(a); (d) the use of Timesys Software as
part of an infringing process; (e) a product that You make, use, or sells; (f)
any Trial Software or Pre-release Software; (g) any third party software
provided by Timesys' licensors who do not provide such indemnification to You or
(h) infringement by You that is deemed willful. In the case of (h), You shall
reimburse Timesys for its reasonable attorney fees and other costs related to
the action.

4.

THIS SECTION I IS SUBJECT TO SECTION J AND STATES THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF
TIMESYS AND ITS LICENSORS AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY
ALLEGED PATENT OR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT OR TRADE SECRET MISAPPROPRIATION BY ANY
TIMESYS SOFTWARE LICENSED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT

J. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and notwithstanding the
failure of any remedy to fulfill its essential purpose: In no event shall
Timesys, Timesys' officers, directors, employees, agents, or distributors be
liable to You or any other party for any loss or damages or legal fees arising
from or related to the use of the Timesys Software, howsoever arising, or any
damages related to this EULA in excess of the amount of fees paid hereunder in
the twelve (12) months preceding the event giving rise to the claim; and, in no
event shall Timesys, Timesys' officers, directors, employees, agents, or
distributors be liable for any indirect, special, punitive, or consequential
damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, howsoever arising, even
if informed of the possibility of such damages.

K. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

In the event of a dispute between You and Timesys arising in connection with
this EULA, such dispute shall be resolved, at Timesys' sole option, by binding
arbitration under the rules and auspices of the American Arbitration Association.
Arbitration shall take place in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, U.S.A. The
foregoing shall not prevent Timesys from seeking applicable injunctive relief in
a court of competent jurisdiction.

L. CHOICE OF LAW AND FORUM

This EULA shall be governed for all purposes by the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, excluding choice of law provisions. Any action or proceeding
seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any right arising out of, this
EULA may be brought against You or Timesys in any of the courts of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including United States District Courts. You
consent to the jurisdiction of such courts in any such action or proceeding and
waive any objection to venue laid therein. Process in any action or proceeding
referred to in the preceding sentence may be served on either party to this EULA
anywhere in the world. You expressly agree that the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to this EULA.

M. GENERAL

This EULA contains the entire agreement and understanding between You and
Timesys. Additional or conflicting terms on any purchase order or other document
issued by You will have no force or effect against Timesys. This EULA may not be
modified or appended except by an agreement in writing signed by the party
against whom enforcement is sought. If any provision of this EULA is held to be
invalid or unenforceable under any circumstances, its application in any other
circumstances and the remaining provisions of this EULA shall not be affected.
This EULA may not be assigned by You without the prior written consent of
Timesys. No waiver by either party of any rights under this EULA will be
effective unless such waiver is in a writing signed by the party against whom
enforcement is sought. Any notices relating to this EULA should be sent via
receipted delivery to Timesys Corporation, 925 Liberty Avenue, Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania 15222 USA.
